c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\bin\Debug\PodcastGrabba.xr.xml
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\bin\Debug\PodcastGrabba.exe
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\bin\Debug\PodcastGrabba.pdb
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\bin\Debug\PodcastGrabba.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\PodcastGrabba.exe
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\PodcastGrabba.pdb
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\bin\Debug\ExamplePage.xbf
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\bin\Debug\Views\MainPageView.xbf
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\bin\Debug\Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\bin\Debug\Infrastructure.pdb
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\bin\Debug\Infrastructure.pri
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\PodcastGrabba.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\ExamplePage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\ExamplePage.g.cs
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\Views\MainPageView.g.i.cs
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\Views\MainPageView.g.cs
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\ExamplePage.xaml
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\ExamplePage.xbf
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\Views\MainPageView.xaml
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\Views\MainPageView.xbf
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\PodcastGrabba.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\bin\Debug\DownloaderService.dll
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\bin\Debug\DownloaderService.pdb
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\bin\Debug\DownloaderService.pri
C:\Users\William\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\Views\SearchView.g.i.cs
C:\Users\William\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\Views\SearchView.g.cs
C:\Users\William\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\bin\Debug\Views\SearchView.xbf
C:\Users\William\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\Views\SearchView.xaml
C:\Users\William\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PodcastGrabba\PodcastGrabba\obj\Debug\Views\SearchView.xbf
